feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/65549561463f0016876e852c.md

---
id: 65549561463f0016876e852c
title: Step 46
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-46
---

# --description--

Because your key is shorter than the text to encrypt, you will need to repeat it to generate the whole encrypted text.
At the beginning of your function body, declare a `key_index` variable and set it to zero.

# --hints--

You should declare a variable called `key_index`.

```js
({ 
  test: () => {
  
  }
})
```

You should assign `0` to your `key_index` variable.

```js
({ 
  test: () => {
  
  }
})

> ```

Reviewer: Remember to add tests

---
id: 65549561463f0016876e852c
title: Step 55
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-55
---

# --description--

> Because your key is shorter than the text to encrypt, you will need to repeat it to generate the whole encrypted text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since your key is shorter than the text that you will have to encrypt, you will need to repeat it to generate the whole encrypted text.
```
